How about creating Xchange is from code to take a closer look at it.
Let's create another configuration class and declare our exchanges and for the naming purposes I'll
say rabbit.
MQ Xchange configuration.
Here we go.
And again I'm going to annotate my class as configuration.
All right.
We already know a way to create exchanges in rabbit Q Using Java and spraying.
And let's try that again.
We are creating a bean for our exchange and we're simply implementing the Xchange interface from AM
Cupie core and for the method name.
And again it's irrelevant for our purpose.
We can provide anything.
And again I'm going to provide the example exchange.
All right.
Now for the exchange creation remember that we created a new exchange and simply returned it.
So for this purpose for the Xchange creation remember that the exchange is an interface so we can't
just initialize or create a new instance of it.
So we have to pick the exchange.
We have to pick the actual exchange implementation as being the topic exchange maybe maybe direct exchange
and out exchange and so on.
So again we can create topic exchange maybe and 4-D arguments we can just say example exchange
just like that.
And this was how we created our exchanges before.
How about another way of creating exchanges.
We have again an exchange builder class to create exchanges highly clear through way.
So let's ride it out again.
I'm creating a bean for my Xchange definition just as we did with cue's the cube builder.
And I'm saying I want an exchange and this Xchange is going to be example.
Second the exchange
and inside the method I'm going to be creating my Xchange with the builder methods.
So let's return Xchange builder from an Cupie core again and I want a direct exchange.
And as the name I'm going to pro-white example seconder exchange and let's just capitalized name all
right and then I'm going to say also do eat internal maybe.
And I can of course provide arguments I can Pictet durability I can say ignore declaration exemptions
and so on just like you see with the builder matters right here.
And when I'm gone configuring my Xchange I can simply call the Builth method and I'm fine.
That's it so now let's rerun our application and see what's going to happen.
Our application is starting up
and here we go.
When we check out our logs we can see that we have an example.
Second exchange created for us and let's go back to our Rabbitt MQ dashboard and see our exchanges there.
Here we go we have our example exchange and we of course have our example secondo exchange just like
we declare in our code.
Right.
And if we go back to our exchanges the example exchange is a topic exchange since we returned a new
topic exchange and for the second exchange we have to be expecting a direct exchange with auto delete
internal.
And as to name example second exchange in our exchanges if we go to our example second exchange it is
a direct exchange.
It is durable.
It is all to delete and of course it is internal Just like that.
So these are how you can create exchanges with rabbit in Q In our next video we're going to be seeing
halti configure topic exchanges fanout and headers exchanges.